Update Nethermind Client info (#7306)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/index.md

This table summarizes the different clients. All of them pass [client tests](https://github.com/ethereum/tests) and are actively maintained to stay updated with network upgrades.

| Client                                          | Language | Operating systems     | Networks                                   | Sync strategies                   | State pruning   |
| ----------------------------------------------- | -------- | --------------------- | ------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------| --------------- |
| [Geth](https://geth.ethereum.org/)              | Go       | Linux, Windows, macOS | Mainnet, Görli, Rinkeby, Ropsten           | Snap, Full                        | Archive, Pruned |

> | [Nethermind](http://nethermind.io/)             | C#, .NET | Linux, Windows, macOS | Mainnet, Görli, Ropsten, Rinkeby, and more | Snap(without serving), Fast, Full | Archive, Pruned |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Nethermind](http://nethermind.io/)             | C#, .NET | Linux, Windows, macOS | Mainnet, Görli, Ropsten, Rinkeby, and more | Snap (without serving), Fast, Full | Archive, Pruned |
```

##### Snap sync

Implemented by Geth and Nethermind. Using dynamic snapshots served by peers retrieves all the account and storage data without downloading intermediate trie nodes and then reconstructs the Merkle trie locally.

- Fastest sync strategy developed by Geth, currently its default.

> - Nethermind only implemented the consuming part till now. They working on enabling serving other nodes soon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Nethermind only implemented the consuming part until now. They are working on enabling serving other nodes soon.
```
